README.md, before:

# cmpm-121-demo-3

## Credits!
Map library: [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com/)
Map background: [OpenStreetMap](http://www.openstreetmap.org/copyright)

## Next steps!

### D3.a
- [x] draw map to webpage
- [x] implement a latitude–longitude grid where cells are 0.0001 degrees wide
- [x] add a player marker
- [x] deterministically generated cache locations around initial location
    - cache should be at 10% of the grid cells that are within 8 cell-steps away from the player’s current location
- [x] deterministically generated coins offered at each location
- [x] player location represented with a tooltip/popup
- [x] nearby cache locations represented with popups
- [x] add buttons to cache location popups...
- [x] ...so player can transport coins from one cache to another by collecting and depositing coins (using those buttons in pop up!)

### D3.b
- [x] represent grid cells using a global coordinate system anchored at [Null Island](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Null_Island) (0°N 0°E)
    - the cell for the Oakes College classroom site would be {i: 369894, j: -1220627}.
- [x] refactor conversion of lat-lng pairs into game cells
    - USE FLYWEIGHT PATTERN
- [x] give coins an ID attribute
- [x] base coin IDs on the coords of the cache it was originally spawned in
- [x] each coin ID should be unique
    - example: {i: 369894, j: -1220627, serial: 0}
    - example: {i: 369894, j: -1220627, serial: 1}
- [x] show user the coin IDs as strings
    - example: “369894:-1220627#0”
    - example: “369894:-1220627#1”

### D3.c
- [x] arrows for player movement
    - movement buttons move the player’s location with the same cell-granularity used by other aspects of the game (e.g. 0.0001 degrees at a time).
- [x] Regenerate cache locations as the player moves so that only locations sufficiently close to their position are visible on the map
- [ ] Using the Memento pattern save the state of caches so that their contents is preserved even when the player moves out of view and back

### just for fun
- [ ] let player pick/customize avatar 
- [ ] let play pick exactly which coin to take
- [ ] exquisite cache / refrigerator magnets

Commit message:

D.3c completed (mementos for cache state saving!)

README.md, after:

# cmpm-121-demo-3

## Credits!
Map library: [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com/)
Map background: [OpenStreetMap](http://www.openstreetmap.org/copyright)
Cache memento configuration inspired by Anthony Nguyen's [memento class](https://github.com/Mapeggs/cmpm-121-demo-3/blob/main/src/main.ts)

## Next steps!

### D3.a
- [x] draw map to webpage
- [x] implement a latitude–longitude grid where cells are 0.0001 degrees wide
- [x] add a player marker
- [x] deterministically generated cache locations around initial location
    - cache should be at 10% of the grid cells that are within 8 cell-steps away from the player’s current location
- [x] deterministically generated coins offered at each location
- [x] player location represented with a tooltip/popup
- [x] nearby cache locations represented with popups
- [x] add buttons to cache location popups...
- [x] ...so player can transport coins from one cache to another by collecting and depositing coins (using those buttons in pop up!)

### D3.b
- [x] represent grid cells using a global coordinate system anchored at [Null Island](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Null_Island) (0°N 0°E)
    - the cell for the Oakes College classroom site would be {i: 369894, j: -1220627}.
- [x] refactor conversion of lat-lng pairs into game cells
    - USE FLYWEIGHT PATTERN
- [x] give coins an ID attribute
- [x] base coin IDs on the coords of the cache it was originally spawned in
- [x] each coin ID should be unique
    - example: {i: 369894, j: -1220627, serial: 0}
    - example: {i: 369894, j: -1220627, serial: 1}
- [x] show user the coin IDs as strings
    - example: “369894:-1220627#0”
    - example: “369894:-1220627#1”

### D3.c
- [x] arrows for player movement
    - movement buttons move the player’s location with the same cell-granularity used by other aspects of the game (e.g. 0.0001 degrees at a time).
- [x] Regenerate cache locations as the player moves so that only locations sufficiently close to their position are visible on the map
- [x] Using the Memento pattern save the state of caches so that their contents is preserved even when the player moves out of view and back

### just for fun
- [ ] let player pick/customize avatar 
- [ ] let play pick exactly which coin to take
- [ ] exquisite cache / refrigerator magnets
